Table: New pagination option (#45732)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/visualizations/table/_index.md

## Column filter

You can temporarily change how column data is displayed. For example, you can order values from highest to lowest or hide specific values. For more information, refer to [Filter table columns]({{< relref "./filter-table-columns.md" >}}).

## Page size

> To show paging controls, set the page size to a value greater than 0. The page size is the number of rows to display on each page.

Author: thank you!

## Column filter

You can temporarily change how column data is displayed. For example, you can order values from highest to lowest or hide specific values. For more information, refer to [Filter table columns]({{< relref "./filter-table-columns.md" >}}).

## Pagination

> Change the enable pagination option to enable or disable pagination. This is a front-end option and does not affect the backend data. The page size is automatically adjusted to the height of table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change the enable pagination option to turn pagination on or off. This is a front-end option and does not affect the queries. The page size is automatically adjusted to the height of the table.
```
